MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Javier Fuertes

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

**Educational Use Limitation**: This Software, including but not limited to
the BRICKS module and associated analysis tools on the related site, is
intended for educational and research purposes only. Any application of the
Software for real-world or commercial assessments, especially those concerning
structural integrity and safety, is strictly discouraged without professional
validation.

**Disclaimer**: THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES,
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**Waiver of Liability**: This Software, including the BRICKS module and
associated site analysis tools, may contain errors or inaccuracies. The author
assumes no responsibility or liability for any consequences arising from the
use of this Software, and users are advised to validate any results obtained
through independent verification methods.

